Statistically, people are becoming less
and less likely to buy their homes in
certain cities, particularly the younger
generations. Graduating from school
leaves them with an explosion of debt
which burdens them for years. Even those
who have been working for a very long
time have found themselves as
renters. What has changed? You came here
for the truth. So, let me unveil that
for you. Today, we are going to talk
about this issue. I wanted to connect
that in with a few others. Let's begin
right here out of
CNBC. We are talking about Bank of
America
CEO. So our goal
is should you move the down payment
requirement from 20% to 10%. That
wouldn't introduce much
risk. So think about that for a moment
here. when you have
a very low, as far as I'm
concerned, 20% down payment on a
mortgage for these homes being a
standard. And they were talking about
getting tougher and tighter on
regulations after the housing
crash. Yet, there is more and more risk
being applied to the system. And here is
the Bank of America CEO thinking if we
slash this requirement in half down to
10% that would all of a sudden allow
more business more corporate profits.
And then you'll see that by simply
getting into alternative mortgage
lenders, you can get the requirements
down even further. But this is Bank of
America they're talking about. It goes
on. But I'd like to move on to the next
article connected in with that and that
is out of
davidbach.com the latte factor
calculator.
So throughout that previous article and
others that I had looked
up, this came up and essentially the
latte factor is taking a general expense
that you do a weekly or daily and then
adding that up over a period of time to
see what that would have cost you. And
this right here happens to be a $4 latte
or coffee that you have daily. And I
figure that's either one expensive
coffee or two $2 coffees, however it's
done, doesn't matter. Just a small
purchase being made day after day after
day. And how that really adds up over
the long term. And this is compounding
not just for the youth that are
currently going through this, but
individuals out there who are forced to
be renters at this time. There are many
individuals which I'll discuss with you
in a moment how they have decided to be
a renter. They they really appreciate it
but it's individuals who don't want to
rent but quite frankly they don't have
the down payment to do that. And then
you have these rules trying to get that
down payment to be brought down. But you
don't want to have a mortgage for 40
years to be able to pay this thing off.
Anyway, this is just to show you uh
basically how our expenses are small
expenses that we incur on a daily basis
are often the ones that burden us over a
longer period of time. Just something I
wanted you to think
of. Americans are paying
$38 to collect $1 of student
debt. This is what we have with big
government. It just grows and grows and
grows. The bureaucracy is
massive. In order to get individuals
from their taxes to get back into the
system, we need to spend so much money.
And that's what's not being talked
about, not being discussed.
When you think about that for a second,
where you as an individual, you have to
work your nine-to-five job and then you
pay your income taxes. Those taxes need
to go to pay for things in your city.
Understandable.
However, you see that often times
there's so much bloat. There's so much
in the way in
between that road infrastructure, let's
say, and your paycheck. There is almost
all of it being wasted along the
way. And that's what we see anyway. I
won't really cover too much in the
article. Student loan defaults are a
bonanza for the debt collection
industry. The federal government has in
recent years paid debt collectors close
to $1 billion annually to help the
distressed borrowers climb out of
default and scr up regular monthly
payments. New government figures suggest
much of that money may have been wasted.
Of course. Of course. This happens all
the time in any category.
Look, a billion
dollars annually is being spent on
this. And you think about the way that
it is. All of that, all of that
waste. This is just one simple example
of
that. And then we look at this, the
total public debt. And they made a very
good point here. Does this look remotely
sustainable? If so, what are you high
on? And surely we noted an increase in
previous decades. It was going up.
There's a trend increasing. But the rate
at which it has been increasing is just
astronomical and it just continuing to
be an exponential rise at this time.
Debt in every single category is rising.
All right, China has a lot of copycat
things, but you may have seen me cover
this before. China has a copycat of
Manhattan, if you can believe
it. So, this is Tan Jin and that is a
city modeled after
Manhattan where the entire city was
built.
However, it was a ghost
city built entire infrastructure of a
city being
built with nobody to live in
it. That to me
is an example of the biggest part of the
biggest public works projects in
history.
Now, I don't agree with the policy that
you would build an empty city, but I do
agree with that if I had to pick with
that
over
the quantitative easing type measures.
That's just the way I look at it. So,
here it is. Public works trying to
stimulate the economy, trying to get
everything going. And while they do say
that people have started to move in, is
it really the best use of money to do it
this way? I mean, to have empty cities
sitting there for quite a while, I'm not
really sure about
that. Now, this article here out of the
New York Times is talking about how
individuals are happy to be renting.
Indeed, rentals make up more than
twothirds of the housing stock in New
York
City. This individual basically said
there is no stigma attached to renting,
which is not true anywhere else in the
country. So, in New York, apparently,
you can be a renter and that's all good,
unlike other places. Well, when you have
rent being so ridiculously expensive,
people start to look for other means of
living. All right.
Now, it goes through the article. It
basically talks about the fact that
people love to rent because they can
move from city part of the city to part
of the city. They can see if they don't
like it. No worries because maximum
they're going to have to be there is one
year and they can get out and move to
another part of the city in different
building, different property manager,
what have
you. I agree with that. That's great.
It's great. But a lot of these people
unfortunately cannot afford to buy a
place. They have not had any savings.
There is the economic factor that we are
experiencing today.
Regardless, the way I see it is that
many people would like to buy a home,
but they can't. And this is the
result. Last but not least, switching
gears. Just before I finish off the
video, FEC boss who tried to muzzle
Drudge is now on the Soros payroll. Can
you believe it? Check this out. The
former chairwoman of the Federal
Election Commission, who famously eyed
regulating the politics of conservative
outlets like the Drudge Report, has
joined an advocacy group funded by
George Soros and it's run by his son.
And that's the way this always works.
You can see that Drudge is just being
affected by this. The media is intended
to be run by a few select individuals
and they have their conglomerates and
those are able to keep the truth at
bay and that's just the way it is. The
talking points need to be pushed out
there and any other individual groups
individual individuals or groups that
are trying to basically go against that
are going to be shut down. They're going
to be silenced. They're going to be
discredited. And unfortunately, that is
just the way it has been going. And it's
all because the government and the
corporations are all one in the same. If
you found this video informative, please
give me a thumbs up. Last but not least,
if you found the video informative, I
know you will find my books, The Money
GPS and my new release, Global Economic
Collapse, even more informative. The
first book is a basically about the four
asset classes and how to profit from
them. And the new book touches on
familiar subjects, but I also get into
how to reduce your monthly expenses and
how to become self-sufficient. So, you
can look through those books at
Amazon. And I also wanted to mention
that I am on Steemit. For those on
Steemit, please see me over there. I'm
posting content from my YouTube, but
also original content as well. and then
I find any interesting articles I post
up there as well. So check me out on
Steemit. The link is in the description
of this video. And if you're not on
Steemit already, I would definitely
check it out. Just head to the website,
see what it's all about. Try looking at
my information for a couple days, see if
you like it. And that's all for this
video. Take care.